efe
visit
you will dream of
are the black crows lurking the
Bait the darkness blanket this troop
heartless the house is burning and not the
pay no one our games are going to come down
they pass you down the street are the crows
blacks stalking the bait the darkness
shelter this troop of saved the letter
it burns and nobody pays
our acids will get wet when passing
down the street I'm still sick and just
I think about tits and that stained
semen my whole notebook full of
mental punishments caused masochism in your
mind with my brutal verses I'm going to
spit handcuffed her and more you run if not
you are a victim
I'm going to own you with rhymes so he screams
the liquids with verses that I mix that
I continue to inhale my lyrics teach you and
extras or want smoke come and see
as they devour these 7 to show that
you get wet and that you were patient walked
I'll tell you what's happening next
thinking that they can girl when to
stop or can not achieve this the 26
We will continue to control and suffer from
psychosis for ethyl alcohol I'm going to
Paralytic knock you take
the microphone as a sign of death what
will nail on your forehead to
look at what colombian in the thread of a
rope are stuck in the bottom of
purple joke bottles in a dream
product of find the kings or with
music more letters not followed my verses
obese the porous trail and you say it
in the body shadows that roam
the streets with the census of the now dead
are the black crows lurking the
Bait the darkness blanket this troop
of saved the letters is that it burns and
no one pays our acids are going to
get off to go through the streets road
as dead and the breath gives me away
Smiles upsets and height put
cats my mind says attacks and
consciences do not portray many say they are
rappers if rhyme plus my reality I suffer
of disorders many times without return
I fall asleep watching porn and orgasm
I transform I am a possessed of hip hop in
big dreams and bream the daises for
fill the fears of months with the
high power
the maximum known among the good
rolling the potion of nights that go and
that suddenly then it comes that you came
those nights when we are the most
they process up the mother of pure hip
real hop that l cabro understands that stops
there's no place between parties that do not
they can be I'm going to raise this I do not know
is going to end up like sandra is when
that they in the wind the wind stinks
shit and darkness encloses me
I am the smile drawn in the mist
Fangs claws and shadows is my scene
an evil spectrum that a precipice
carries
I am the sick vowel a black beast
without mercy or compassion here we drink for
condemned here the earth trembles the people
do not wake up and live your eternal night
because the bells do not sound the way
is lost thanks to the damn noise
I offer for what will always be the
with me are the bad my arms and I the
body possessed and she and I the body
possessed
of belonging
the view
it is nonexistent
and in my mind is upset with the step
of time my voice is spent every time
I receive think good gentlemen I have the
mind of your cup is setting the pace
in the hollow of snakes with links
lost if you're looking for tranquility
in the micros is already a christ forgives the
ignorance of rats trying to do
that went down the street or did not speak possessed
of this good shit done in good
airs
the letters are burning and do not pay
nobody our transits are going to go down
postponing down the street are the crows
blacks stalking the bait the darkness
rabbit this troop of saves the houses
it burns and nobody pays
our acids will get wet when passing
down the street
do not
to